Try to clean up task runner noise (#14169)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/develop/write-tasks/use-task-runners.mdx

such as for operations mapped across a dataset.
</Note>

## Configure a task runner

To configure your flow to use a specific task runner, provide the runner to the `task_runner` keyword of
the flow decorator.

> To submit work to the runner, use the `.submit()` method of your task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit work to the runner, use the task's `.submit()` method.
```

This method returns a 
[`PrefectFuture`](/3.0rc/api-ref/prefect/futures/#prefect.futures.PrefectFuture), which is a
Prefect object that contains:
- a reference to the payload returned by the task;
- and a [`State`](/3.0rc/api-ref/server/schemas/states/), which is a Prefect object indicating the state of the task run.

> Prefect future objects must be resolved explicitly before returning from your flow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect future objects must be resolved explicitly before returning from a flow. 
```

This can be done by calling `.wait()` on the future.

For example:

```python
from prefect import flow, task
from prefect.task_runners import ThreadPoolTaskRunner
import time

@task
def stop_at_floor(floor):
    print(f"elevator moving to floor {floor}")
    time.sleep(floor)
    print(f"elevator stops on floor {floor}")

@flow(task_runner=ThreadPoolTaskRunner(max_workers=3))
def elevator():
    floors = []

    for floor in range(10, 0, -1):
        floors.append(stop_at_floor.submit(floor))

    [floor.wait() for floor in floors]
```

<Tip>
**Default task runner**
If you don't specify a task runner for a flow and you call a task with `.submit()` within the flow, 
Prefect uses the default `ThreadPoolTaskRunner`.
</Tip>

## Use multiple task runners

Each flow can only have one task runner, but sometimes you may want a subset of your tasks to run 
using a different task runner than the one configured on the flow. 

> In this case, you can create [subflows](/3.0rc/develop/write-flows/#composing-flows) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you can create [nested flows](/3.0rc/develop/write-flows/#composing-flows) 
```

Author: Ah yes, love this

Reviewer: Cool. Got this [PR](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/14122/) open that updates everywhere to match @billpalombi's suggested usage.

    d = task_d(wait_for=[c])
```

<Note>
**A few notes on `.result()`**

- `.result()` is a blocking call.
This means that calling `.result()` will wait until the task run completes before continuing execution.
- Only use `.result()` when you need to interact directly with the return value of your submitted task;
for example, you should use `.result()` if passing the return value to a standard Python function (not a 
Prefect task) but _not_ if you are passing the value to another task.
</Note>

## Mapping over iterables

> Prefect also provides a `.map()` implementation that automatically submits a new task run for each element of its 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect also provides a `.map()` method that automatically submits a new task run for each element of its 
```

input data. 

> This can be useful for easily submitting a lot of work to a task runner simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be useful when submitting a lot of work to a task runner simultaneously.
```
